This file contains all the words that were translated by the script and 
and that ARE now in the vocabulary

haicuts --> haircuts
nobohont --> and
mitka --> mark
barbersho --> barbershop
drogerie --> drugstore
checsecake --> cheesecake
raoutons --> trunks
nlneste --> it
nlneste --> is
kahjstab --> bumps
fourchette --> fork
jeanigon --> 2
jeanigon --> words
elo1721s071z --> 1721
elo1721s071z --> c
elo1721s071z --> 071
elo1721s071z --> g
meatal --> metal
hiodleon --> hydro
dynia --> pumpkin
fecsanu --> they
fecsanu --> would
fecsanu --> make
piscaitaway --> piscataway
ixlnti --> smooth
coagula --> coagulate
difflam --> deflection
nichume --> flourish
dietetique --> dietetic
herboristerie --> herbalism
prieelet --> arbor
joitmate --> somehow
9120b --> b
rekcla --> recruit
undervorld --> underworld
dakdek --> roof
dakdek --> deck
woaeaona --> be
ontsmans --> dismay
skateboars --> skateboard
nesauan --> approach
maalilden --> paint
talaane --> around
yemekler --> meals
izgana --> rushed
wettassu --> /
chishoem --> a
19g7 --> 19th
alenina --> to
alenina --> be
alenina --> bought
125as677ogsl --> 125
125as677ogsl --> scattered
schoss --> shot
annisco --> per
annisco --> year
bisip6 --> 6
oitanan --> kept
oitanan --> it
pesmitin --> washer
balaga --> maturity
catiche --> catches
qualiven --> quality
conchiglia --> shell
ainedra --> entire
wereveroeeloe --> world
hierbouwt --> hereby
strionid --> striped
oftauls --> partner
wasanss --> sites
vult --> fills
fferyllfa --> pharmacy
etes --> meals
ndogarien --> is
ndogarien --> citizen
tahuie --> will
tahuie --> be
tahuie --> hungry
neglaler --> nail
checautoen --> check
koobmoo --> fashion
undah --> cast
xumidaned --> badly
empewo --> wind
chunonpawn --> fork
pharmady --> pharmacy
puarmacy --> pharmacy
cabelereiro --> hairdresser
twy --> battle
anscneann --> sanctuary
strasbung --> lust
shtolush --> ash
szsbbtz --> lord
escalaer --> scale
panaderia --> bakery
medusas --> jellyfish
tostador --> roaster
kamryn --> chamber
200t7 --> 200
200t7 --> p
erewolk --> honorary
erewolk --> cloud
laquue --> the
centsihour --> will
centsihour --> fuse
coagula --> coagulate
cvsiphamacy --> cvs
cvsiphamacy --> pharmacy
peluqueria --> hair
peluqueria --> salon
vesuvlo --> the
vesuvlo --> summer
apotheke --> pharmacy
264rs09 --> 264
264rs09 --> 09
arkitekture --> architecture
dhurata --> presents
mjeksi --> medicine
199s --> 199
nto305 --> 05
urica --> hour
steaktouses --> staircase
sttognss --> station
tambira --> accept
uruhkaa --> the
uruhkaa --> club
stemmalle --> roller
theraflu --> ther
aichtugs --> turn
aichtugs --> up
bipp --> bip
slraars --> slag
esfmosos --> smear
sotsoon --> social
peluoueria --> gambling
lanciers --> lancers
o175 --> 175
tollatpding --> great
ossea --> bone
aplazas --> postpone
desplaines --> dispute
halrstyling --> styling
rnshte --> pne
hullo --> hull
eenlaes --> single
eroouets --> hero
gledale --> watched
desplaines --> dispute
sanidad --> health
mallein --> in
mallein --> the
mallein --> way
coagula --> coagulate
onitarie --> picture
ednorozce --> unicorn
pelkovensit --> fears
oympic --> olympic
hizaeria --> area
busshor --> bus
busshor --> hor
sbobbia --> sling
epicerie --> groceries
fabreti --> fabric
jungtlag --> jungle
66493z0 --> g
66493z0 --> 0
tollpousle --> toll
tollpousle --> poule
empewo --> wind
zhivac --> mercury
dites --> say
theldesio --> appeal
unelsales --> one
354b648 --> 354
354b648 --> duck
354b648 --> 48
callisonlough --> callison
callisonlough --> lough
stondat --> stoned
atakoy --> attack
barersho --> book
beeraans --> rare
macadamis --> macadamia
takeavay --> takeaway
gazzettin --> newspaper
panhenop --> on
panhenop --> the
panhenop --> noon
mattarello --> rolling
mattarello --> pin
augezd --> grow
cartographe --> cartographer
newamerican --> new
newamerican --> american
onghorn --> longhorn
alfonsox --> alfonso
alfonsox --> x
185e --> 185th
taentitu --> guarantee
eseseot --> suspension
brasdor --> bras
brasdor --> d'or
oapajohns --> papa
oapajohns --> johns
trditolne --> solid
20odloshia --> 20
20odloshia --> and
getranke --> gambler
susswaren --> confectionery
zeitschriften --> magazines
incontro --> encounter
mkunntonda --> mug
meidiene --> participate
superioreum --> higher
schokoeade --> chocolate
akcwa --> they
akcwa --> are
adferiad --> recovery
atayiani --> give
atayiani --> me
cilielilles --> eyelash
frislins --> free
lorenceville --> lawrenceville
resanrante --> resourceful
discoteca --> nightclub
pizzerua --> pizzeria
amene --> which
shaihine --> swell
gebrauchtwagen --> used
gebrauchtwagen --> cars
desruen --> disrupt
iznzoremicot --> root
bibilowy --> bible
nxiang --> you
nxiang --> think
vunelas --> wound
yokoso --> night
hoinoill --> hikes
resinsie --> resin
pizzria --> pizzeria
rhwilsoneson --> rhetoric
materktt --> feeder
unatheatre --> you
unatheatre --> did
seshanose --> sessions
piekania --> bakery
shagioni --> demon
adamkenel --> just
wesrille --> for
empewo --> wind
schoss --> shot
medavita --> mediate
haesere --> hare
ihedrab --> will
ihedrab --> strike
tobakke --> tobacco
6a7o31 --> 6
6a7o31 --> 1
nothbound --> northbound
salol --> salient
ciastka --> cookies
nalewka --> tincture
autorepan --> self
wldwood --> feed
urica --> hour
subasta --> auction
tansavek --> tan
tansavek --> acids
champselysees --> champs
champselysees --> elysees
reviensho --> back
accossories --> accessories
saladano --> salad
etes --> meals
stamrone --> tribal
stamrone --> rones
ewblete --> you
ewblete --> detect
edebiyat --> literature
fumador --> smoker
82aa0 --> 82
82aa0 --> a
82aa0 --> 0
preschoo --> preschool
etes --> meals
apocalyto --> apocalypto
bigtexan --> bitter
chonesude --> a
chonesude --> book
kakitag --> name
kakitag --> a
boulangeue --> bake
spatssene --> the
spatssene --> spatters
tsoisi --> pouch
balphegor --> belphegor
ocaooa --> is
brazlian --> brazilian
ernneen --> in
ernneen --> the
ernneen --> way
cazadoresn --> hunter
s299 --> leg
naevi --> and
orsudud --> organs
hullo --> hull
saleroo --> sale
ahuolrcen --> beech
befiniching --> commanding
poloass --> set
underete --> under
underete --> eye
paquitals --> packs
accpizza --> care
rhwilsoneson --> rhetoric
nisupeti --> 2
aaladle --> instrument
srebrnarn --> silver
cikorija --> chicory
olentrute --> sequel
drugoyms --> other
ultramarina --> overseas
kalgaroo --> sessions
poelesee --> poem
luitidenvl --> lute
aeeeae --> high
katkisiz --> uniform
ermouxin --> new
cvsipharmacy --> cvs
cvsipharmacy --> pharmacy
avnlabel --> ward
mulhollad --> mulholland
jenelen --> go
toloponse --> delayed
wetu --> ours
ciompldi --> monkeys
sestuele --> sneak
606a7 --> 606
606a7 --> a
salachal --> dirty
ermkrung --> encouragement
ytthn --> forth
esiabliseee --> elementary
cheesecaks --> cheesecakes
1l96s --> 1
aanbond --> muffled
imagonzi --> the
imagonzi --> spouse
o175 --> 175
skbenwgid --> duckling
cendiet --> emanates
19s7 --> 19
dymargaet --> temper
suuoren --> swan
chicagoarchitecture --> chicago
chicagoarchitecture --> architecture
khoteate --> sail
suliiloa --> ensign
foodnut --> food
58b4ao3 --> 58
58b4ao3 --> b
58b4ao3 --> 4
58b4ao3 --> or
aitupan --> map
laog160 --> 160
morirecristo --> die
basilic --> basil
11atoa --> 11
amhohon --> impregnate
sutrinares --> crushed
meatal --> metal
dauasns --> daunt
minnenan --> memories
920z --> 920
920z --> g
chuckwagen --> chuck
aeigrales --> superstition
shadniches --> shade
coffeshop --> coffee
coffeshop --> shop
eooakd --> eo
20o7 --> 20
20o7 --> and
20o7 --> h
dolens --> painful
tabes --> lost
urerltions --> iterations
ampluis --> extension
bollati --> stamping
moselsie --> mossel
teleoeze --> telephoto
cuisse --> thigh
ciccinos --> in
empewo --> wind
dloutal --> dolled
erziehungslexikon --> educational
erziehungslexikon --> lexicon
peaesin --> main
crthrdiin --> to
phildsse --> boar
aroxciwn --> raw
eekkranlnl --> squirrel
tamiri --> repair
yapilir --> makes
ayakkabi --> mold
nhost38 --> are
nhost38 --> bitten
wereede --> hedging
licuzzi --> bid
genito --> genitourinary
nwtoty --> niche
foodnut --> food
churrascara --> steakhouse
steakiouse --> she
steakiouse --> was
steakiouse --> stepping
osaletn --> part
puarmacy --> pharmacy
lloitimltely --> legitimately
espaderos --> sword
sseeaa --> shove
eahepa --> off
fnaou --> art
avnlabel --> ward
piheand --> pin
igni --> fire
mumotin --> in
mumotin --> matches
abigos --> shelter
voordeel --> benefit
disnyland --> disneyland
zotavessw --> recovery
euopton --> junction
cofeehouse --> coffee
cofeehouse --> house
optometris --> optometrist
oeaekne --> you
oeaekne --> are
mngnoun --> mgn
borradailes --> erased
steakhause --> steakhouse
lerinit --> s
arsaluos --> will
arsaluos --> arsal
cvspharmacy --> cvs
cvspharmacy --> pharmacy
diddos --> waterproof
starbuckes --> starbucks
montaigneiso --> mounted
pannsir --> pan
igni --> fire
hlamachi --> your
hlamachi --> dream
launderete --> launderette
mnotark --> many
noodroeid --> emergency
noodroeid --> rowing
webinlau --> webbing
e996 --> cat
o908 --> 08
pilzza --> piles
arbershop --> barbershop
jolies --> pretty
oshiba --> leaves
albaness --> albanese
kanchwo --> karm
taquei --> tague
superbe --> stunning
cvslpharmacy --> cvs
cvslpharmacy --> pharmacy
orourkes --> hook
yeswere --> of
yeswere --> the
yeswere --> day
lkhti --> sister
mnotsent --> multiple
apraslen --> a
apraslen --> prank
strsburg --> strasburg
zapraszamy --> invite
pleczywo --> plea
tradycyne --> traditional
wypiekin --> baking
lfsibtu --> captive
heralisun --> sponge
bunnelser --> bottom
cvsipharmacy --> cvs
cvsipharmacy --> pharmacy
disposabio --> disposition
sird --> heart
cuceti --> cake
s125 --> 125
fotoha --> photo
empewo --> wind
stooolenn --> stool
urolno --> coal
2a84 --> 4
776a1z --> 776
776a1z --> a
776a1z --> 1
776a1z --> g
nieitim --> weapon
216s --> 216
kriegs --> war
s1799 --> 1799
2a20 --> 0
pulperia --> shop
alkaseltzer --> alka
alkaseltzer --> seltzer
therulka --> ther
therulka --> the
deonbours --> soil
2s67660 --> 2
2s67660 --> surface
2s67660 --> 0
incise --> engraved
iidoun --> call
esorola --> not
esorola --> follow
hullo --> hull
parait --> seems
isattun --> daddy
rosewaytheater --> theater
kitabevi --> bookstore
geleceginizi --> your
geleceginizi --> future
egitimde --> my
egitimde --> education
zamanda --> at
zamanda --> the
zamanda --> time
henker --> hangman
dartos --> darts
sulsunis --> clap
skiagrams --> scarecrow
elets --> plots
nuearie --> is
nuearie --> a
nuearie --> nue
crangenpunsch --> chains
smirnofe --> smirnoff
craberry --> cranberry
yelowstone --> yellowstone
s249 --> 49
realceniee --> dawn
ezrrla --> thousand
956005a --> a
dagatoi --> stall
posveco --> dedication
21jo --> 21
21jo --> atmosphere
cvslpharmacy --> cvs
cvslpharmacy --> pharmacy
tabes --> lost
19s8 --> 19
wathebunghole --> said
ocaooa --> is
nwanip --> sister
oflalwe --> breed
lahodne --> deliciously
pekarstvi --> bakery
pecivo --> bagel
rozinkan --> rampart
199s --> 199
steahouse --> steakhouse
szyszka --> cone
20mg --> 20
20mg --> mg
9r1z106 --> 9
9r1z106 --> t
9r1z106 --> 1
9r1z106 --> g
9r1z106 --> 106
shahiren --> love
asteleria --> astray
bluebid --> bluebird
gluseppe --> giuseppe
draschr --> drum
shoerepair --> shoe
shoerepair --> repair
steakhiouse --> steakhouse
f195 --> 195
uculun --> flying
dnuiliri --> sampler
annopous --> nanny
sciencefiction --> science
sciencefiction --> fiction
ndaluci --> 0
9o7t0 --> 9
9o7t0 --> and
9o7t0 --> even
9o7t0 --> 0
adunkce --> assembly
aberystwyt --> hillock
sorduno --> you
sorduno --> asked
coffeshop --> coffee
coffeshop --> shop
ystafell --> room
tuhwntir --> tide
taschenbicher --> pocket
capotes --> condoms
parasuco --> puddle
oublie --> forget
verwenneri --> user
onkideel --> expatriate
powerbooku --> powerbook
dites --> say
dxulaie --> back
ishegtel --> is
ovlosigce --> sheepdogs
hooneysto --> hood
gebiusaa --> completely
straseurg --> jerk
99s0 --> 99
99s0 --> x
99s0 --> 0
beilelo --> vile
aitagis --> rapid
esiwood --> ocean
hilarys --> hillarys
darktkinicht --> intact
cupcakess --> cupcakes
offlicence --> off
offlicence --> licence
uunntt --> sleep
laundrg --> laundry
60a67 --> 60
60a67 --> surface
nictasche --> pag
29geo --> listen
phethau --> things
llyfrau --> books
collectabls --> collectables
adirregares --> edge
planetacurioso --> planeta
meplewoor --> plow
briesipb --> breeze
gashayis --> put
gashayis --> on
opendaer --> opera
stotoee --> the
ojricao --> today
pysaa --> stick
empewo --> wind
emporiom --> trade
rennha --> lady
palosec --> fold
jobasso --> bass
origlul --> the
origlul --> origin
direisse --> direct
destcront --> fate
osinoki --> tree
fotogin --> silver
ordenadores --> orders
bisutera --> temple
telefona --> telephone
fumador --> smoker
consumibles --> consumables
nnmten --> nun
postottice --> percentage
isinnu --> yusin
heinekon --> cat
doeleres --> goalkeeper
shoarma --> shawarma
calznrossi --> socks
cksiaed --> garden
onzales --> elevated
erachete --> era
cungaad --> meal
pizzaria --> pizzeria
suikerbosch --> sugary
ndalui --> large
ndalui --> amounts
ndalui --> of
pglaf --> pillows
apotheke --> pharmacy
7ozzzi --> striate
efndslaes --> capitals
moositar --> jam
fi990 --> 0
yanilgisi --> yun
abilerto --> brothers
drdavidk --> bunny
menrunoea --> memorial
lemaiee --> sex
lemaiee --> it
filmainig --> filmy
steakhouss --> steakhouse
cachets --> storage
feroce --> fierce
funeralhom --> funeral
funeralhom --> home
zhulong --> cage
ralllager --> rally
etes --> meals
kingnuud --> ghost
prosielo --> accession
acwabahe --> comply
macmacanka --> sweets
siazaa --> do
siazaa --> not
siazaa --> give
siazaa --> birth
shabeeles --> the
schvabi --> closure
shmsung --> samsung
allkinds --> all
bokhandeln --> bookstore
s199 --> 199
dusaate --> shower
wwwafantong --> wow
wwwafantong --> rice
wwwafantong --> bucket
terrasai --> festival
concotorte --> covenant
poloass --> set
cadastia --> register
ainmogan --> notes
caufora --> core
pharnacy --> pharmacy
antbiotics --> antibiotics
srebrer --> silver
pootabesuligener --> monitoring
helstnybro --> bridge
verser --> to
verser --> pay
zere --> avoid
puzzeria --> pizzeria
gartasse --> bead
empewo --> wind
buyigeti --> not
shadlane --> frown
cvsipharmacy --> cvs
cvsipharmacy --> pharmacy
cofesowe --> of
cofesowe --> cow
shopsnohomish --> shop
shopsnohomish --> snohomish
etes --> meals
survelance --> surveillance
avgenzzens --> the
audreyhepburn --> audrey
audreyhepburn --> hepburn
cuinanon --> cook
usselsig --> lousy
193a --> 193
193a --> a
desplaines --> dispute
quimalli --> ques
empewo --> wind
nosonaoa --> you
nosonaoa --> have
nosonaoa --> left
sprokso --> push
wybebys --> know
waerelod --> guilty
apfelkon --> apple
bakerlees --> baking
vesteseal --> vest
srnahm --> visited
srnahm --> them
achipocare --> looking
achipocare --> at
cadeune --> gift
homenagem --> homage
escitores --> observer
landhandel --> trading
bipp --> bip
bimpao --> running
pexoiis --> peak
biercas --> beer
straront --> squeeze
leznaze --> leisure
etes --> meals
gralliti --> garlic
anopawnshop --> the
cyenzo --> craft
agentseta --> agent
boksali --> boxing
dites --> say
schziee --> jelly
2tz46 --> 2
2tz46 --> 46
joyojoryde --> the
joyojoryde --> potato
joyojoryde --> ry
avare --> miser
funeralhome --> funeral
funeralhome --> home
pakammuin --> in
pakammuin --> a
pakammuin --> bumpy
intothe --> into
intothe --> the
znamenka --> digit
mnatahoces --> have
teveinia --> tendon
srdcom --> by
srdcom --> heart
lordshiplane --> lordship
lordshiplane --> lane
mnaaray --> ounces
henker --> hangman
smurnoff --> smirnoff
noutriwn --> jar
hlioto --> chiyo
oneonte --> onenote
sylanuta --> rabbit
peloooete --> to
conenotos --> cone
haistylin --> smell
lharmacy --> pharmacy
estuanl --> narrow
sorrinide --> smile
devoirs --> homework
zstiza --> tank
valusrite --> sore
bruumon --> noise
6y33 --> malleable
hitdinish --> hits
zuoyoal8 --> 8
watgreens --> walgreens
praamass --> ferry
ngunen --> wretched
pharmacyc --> pharmacy
stakhouse --> steakhouse
publcieer --> public
mesieara --> to
mesieara --> the
nesiten --> uninitiated
s709 --> 09
crtaftme --> drawings
etes --> meals
elets --> plots
klapparsigur --> clapping
olloton --> unearthed
patisserle --> pastry
bezorgen --> deliver
erlepa --> afraid
cotfeeshop --> cot
yontotg --> gleam
eiglange --> egg
decialis --> decision
aptonoieia --> infidel
zaxaponnazteia --> jerk
mitka --> mark
arlwtry --> tile
schoss --> shot
sonoitan --> heretical
gailueo --> device
digalie --> dig
hliroshigs --> hiroshige
ristratto --> retract
onzales --> elevated
unuguayua --> that
unuguayua --> takes
unuguayua --> off
tenitowire --> your
tenitowire --> hand
moccains --> moccasins
sosenale --> whisper
mitka --> mark
panaderia --> bakery
orourkes --> hook
vegetarisches --> vegetarian
qulkvard --> slave
etes --> meals
condineli --> them
seheniig --> see
aritinosui --> water
couler --> to
couler --> flow
kitabevi --> bookstore
arbershop --> barbershop
shantsalie --> chants
helferich --> helper
quiniela --> football
quiniela --> pools
ooorad --> yorn
roerste --> closure
urlki --> url
arsaluos --> will
arsaluos --> arsal
dummerlapp --> stupid
culombr --> pigeons
waleuig --> spoken
tnogeion --> art
tnogeion --> sound
daysalhr --> role
enoott --> most
nisoies --> wise
elets --> plots
tocchi --> touches
speritisl --> rider
ristorane --> restaurant
stolichnad --> capital
stolichnal --> metropolitan
stolichna --> metropolitan
s199 --> 199
belvoue --> call
belvoue --> folds
tunistee --> tune
durtonnwd --> turtle
flonitos --> fateful
secondiad --> secondment
badweiser --> bath
badweiser --> weights
cornexchange --> corn
cornexchange --> exchange
eoleeio --> give
teleoeze --> telephoto
efabio --> jerk
chaigeting --> brother
chaigeting --> listened
189a --> 189
189a --> a
811a79 --> 811
811a79 --> counted
skenwsid --> squeeze
eitlsicr --> flight
alliee --> ally
elvezete --> dedication
fotografie --> photo
s299 --> leg
elets --> plots
amene --> which
303a33625 --> 303
clasigl --> clash
tsoisi --> pouch
podrteak --> underwater
06s8 --> 06
offlicence --> off
offlicence --> licence
siwboe --> sublime
batoawile --> they
verkauf --> sale
hanbun --> half
pirzera --> pier
9a1961 --> 9
9a1961 --> 1961
pereetitl --> family
troebeis --> trumpy
maraude --> maraud
acencte --> this
publcieer --> public
mesieara --> to
mesieara --> the
rsesua --> rose
oogtin7 --> eye
sadeidng --> precipitation
anolaen --> anneal
restnicemne --> topic
letoesaoz --> with
coffehouse --> coffee
coffehouse --> house
ouveras --> heaven
pizterta --> antique
carree --> tile
1n99 --> 1
1n99 --> tissue
quksiler --> private
apoteka --> pharmacy
8s19 --> 8
8s19 --> x
8s19 --> 19
cigarcia --> cigar
etes --> meals
apoteker --> pharmacist
salutorget --> market
salutorget --> square
alenina --> to
alenina --> be
alenina --> bought
saunerta --> saunter
soitstoinl --> call
esfresso --> smear
1zpsllpm --> 1
aatonan --> eve
speilbengs --> mirrored
71b1 --> 71
71b1 --> b
71b1 --> 1
paranormall --> paranormal
cvsipharmacy --> cvs
cvsipharmacy --> pharmacy
cvstpharmacy --> cvs
cvstpharmacy --> pharmacy
uchmalne --> graduate
apteek --> pharmacy
zere --> avoid
haltmal --> is
sonurign --> son
desplalnes --> slope
genito --> genitourinary
patserie --> pastry
patserie --> shop
d199 --> 199
apotheke --> pharmacy
einnahme --> taking
raucherbedaresatikel --> smoking
geschenkarikel --> gift
geschenkarikel --> car
zeitschriften --> magazines
tabakwaren --> tobacco
spirituosen --> spirits
o335a21002 --> 1002
faxob357007 --> and
faxob357007 --> the
faxob357007 --> 007
coolicht --> cool
rulltos --> roll
kebabpizzeria --> kebab
kebabpizzeria --> pizzeria
alerainy --> they
alerainy --> book
alerainy --> up
bondegarden --> farming
bondegarden --> yard
coagula --> coagulate
malerstie --> painter
rakmail --> hack
tootaat --> produce
deltngt --> shared
aptieka --> pharmacy
streisan --> they
streisan --> tied
strasbung --> lust
cofeehouse --> coffee
cofeehouse --> house
estaurantes --> restaurants
inconvieneng --> inconvenient
coffeshop --> coffee
coffeshop --> shop
9r1z06 --> 9
9r1z06 --> t
9r1z06 --> 1
9r1z06 --> g
9r1z06 --> 06
ladinitas --> bunny
caffenero --> caper
eseresso --> post
eseresso --> away
futurismo --> futurism
nesumgn --> and
tallorim --> mock
farmacie --> pharmacy
tarmacie --> friction
droguerie --> drugstore
keerestaurant --> turning
keerestaurant --> center
gewnsbieg --> bend
foodnut --> food
